[ Music ] Hi everybody! And I would like to welcome Nadda Diasti to our class today. Nadda is a SLP. She's a feeding therapist. She's a lactation consultant and a sleep coach. She is an alumni of our program here at GW and has lived and worked both in New York City. She's lived and worked in Virginia and also DC. Her professional journey began in early intervention, preschool, and private practice settings, focusing on supporting toddlers with language delays. Nadda changed her professional path to support her niece who was born in 2020 and had difficulties nursing and sleeping. She pursued a sleep coaching and lactation counselor certification. This then led her into specialized courses on tongue-tie, oral-motor, and sensory feeding. And then in 2022, Nadda decided to pursue becoming an International Board Certified Lactation Consultant, or IBCLC. And she fully committed to her private practice, which is called Two Can Grow in September 2023. Nadda will be returning to northern Virginia late this summer, dedicating her work to supporting families with feeding, lactation, tongue-tie, and/or sleep challenges for infants and toddlers. So welcome, Nadda. Hello. Thank you so much for having me, and so glad to be here today. Very glad you could join me. So Nadda, what made you decide to add lactation consulting certification to the skills you already had? So I feel like what I've learned in my experience is that many of us go into lactation having had a personal experience that kind of fueled the motivation to dive deeper into another area. And for me, that was my sister. It was 2020 as you had mentioned earlier, at the height of COVID, where access to support, especially in-person support was really limited. And the help that my sister did get was not very helpful. She had many feeding challenges, think like toe-curling pain, crying at every nursing session, and also sleep challenges. The doctors just wrote her baby off, my niece off, as being colicky and that there was nothing to do about it. And for me, I felt so helpless, because I knew how much help she wanted to receive but was not getting that support, and that's when I started to dig into and actually started with sleep, my sleep certification. And it was a very holistic program where we learned about biological norms, and feeding expectations, sleep expectations, and along that path I was also required to get a lactation certification. So it was all because of my sister and my niece and really wanting to be the help that they needed but also what I discovered is that so many other moms and babies need in these early weeks, months, even prenatally. Absolutely. Wow. I think that's just fantastic that you were really able to jump right in and support your family like that. That's just wonderful. Yes. It was a big learning curve for me too, because every time I'd learn something, I'd be like, we have to try this! We have to try that! Which probably my sister was, like, making me pick as I was learning everything. But helpful to have someone who trusts you to try and learn as you're learning too. Absolutely. That's got to be a big help. So how has having -- well, really all of these certifications changed the way you practice? And does it now impact how you are a speech language pathologist? I think it has changed entirely how I work now as an SLP, and I feel like when I first started working as an SLP, right, I only did language therapy and supporting toddlers with language delays, doing in-home or in the preschool setting, early intervention. And I never really thought about other aspects of the child, right? Like, I'd always think, like, going in to help a toddler learn how to talk, and this is what I'm going to do, coaching parents on how to do that. But what I learned is that there's a lot of different areas that overlap that are interconnected from airway, sleep, feeding, and they can all connect to speech in some way as well. So really, I think it helped me take a step back and looking at, like, the whole baby, but also mom and baby. Because now I'm really focusing on the dyad, and understanding, you know, what is the history? What is going on? What are the challenges? And how do we help identify the root cause of these challenges? Because what I've learned is a lot of support, or what I've seen, is, like, very much Band-Aid solutions of helping alleviate symptoms, but not really identifying the root cause to challenges. And I think also in feeding therapy, as SLPs, our focus is, like, pathologizing, right? We have a feeding disorder, we need to fix the feeding disorder. But it allows you to also take a step back there, and not everything needs to be pathologized and really we need to support Mom and maybe understanding, like, what are the milk supply challenges or struggles that she's having there? How could we adjust simple things like latch and positioning to help improve feeding altogether and also help them meet their goals? So really just a more holistic view on addressing mom and baby, or whoever is part of the feeding dyad. That sounds just fantastic. And if there are some students here who decide that they're interested in pursuing IBCLC, what would the process look like? So there are three different pathways that you can take to becoming an IBCLC. And I'll speak to what I chose, which was Pathway 3. And I chose that pathway because -- well, within -- there are three pathways as I mentioned. The Pathway 1 and Pathway 3 are really for professionals or those who have a background in health sciences like SLPs. And Pathway 1 does not require you to do any mentored type of hours or supervision towards accumulating your hours. And you need 1,000 hours. So you could be your own practice owner seeing feeding therapy clients, and you could count those, if those are babies, where you're working on lactation, breast feeding, to accrue those hours. But Pathway 3 requires you to do 500 supervised hours with a lactation consultant. And I chose that route because I learn best from hands-on learning, and I knew that SLP practice and lactation support, they sometimes can look similar but really very different, and I wanted to learn from those who I looked up to in the field in our area and community, that I could learn from, because I think it is helpful to see different perspectives in how those providers are supporting families compared to how I was originally supporting my feeding clients in the SLP, like, private practice setting. So Pathway 3 really required me to have the health sciences background as well as 95 hours of continuing lactation education, and then 500 hours of supervised clinical, like, hands-on support. And the Pathway 2 is, I think you basically join, like, an accredited program to do all the courses if you haven't taken any health science courses before. And then you have to do hours as well. And I think the hours are 300. So there's lots of variation in what you need, and what you can do. And one thing I will say about Pathway 3 is it does come with its own set of challenges, because you have to -- or, not challenges, but it requires you to really put yourself out there in that you have to find your mentors. They're not just like going to be there. And so for me, I emailed and contacted so many different providers here in New York to see who would be willing to take on a mentor and some mentors charge a lot for hourly supervision. Others don't charge. And so I actually had three different mentors, where I was working in the hospital setting. Here in New York there's a hospital called Jamaica Hospital that does a volunteer program or a Pathway 3-specific, people who are looking -- applying or wanting to become board certified as lactation consultants. And so I applied for that program, and I got accepted. So I did a lot of my hours in the hospital setting, and then I also connected with two other lactation consultants in the community. One who I would observe and help with sessions in her office, and then also sessions in-home with doing in-home or virtual consults. And then my third mentor, I primarily joined her for her support groups. So I really got to, like, dabble in a lot of different areas throughout my training experience. Like could see what are things I might be interested in doing or may not be interested in doing, and I learned that the hospital setting was not for me, but it brought so much valuable information into what the experience is like for those who are birthing in the hospital, and receiving lactation support in the hospital. And I really loved the home-based, office-based support that I got to observe, as well as support groups too. It's really fantastic that you were able to really have such an expanded, broadened experience and see what it's like to work in a lot of different settings. Yes. I think it was also really helpful to have that opportunity, because I think most of us think, like, most IBCLCs are working in a NICU in a hospital or in private practice. So there's a lot of just, like, SLP work, a lot of opportunity to work in different areas, depending on what you are interested in. And one thing, if anyone here is looking for a mentor that could be helpful is one of my mentors allowed me to kind of do a swap of services. So I basically ran, like, an all-motor feeding-type clinic for all of her babies who did have tongue-ties, where I supported them in post-, or pre- and post-phrenectomy care and I got to swap that time for paid time, where I had to pay my supervisor. So I think as SLPs, especially if you are already specializing in this area, you can sometimes think creatively if that provider is, like, willing to collaborate, which I found to be a really great way of saving money, but also really getting valuable experience and more hands-on support in supporting these moms and babies post- or pre-tongue-tie release. That's fantastic. What a great way to do business and also, you know, you're expanding your own network and you're learning as you're doing it. So it's amazing. Yes, I think with IBCLC, you kind of have to get creative because 500 hours are a lot of hours. And if you choose Pathway 1, 1,000 hours are a lot of hours. And so kind of figuring out how do I get the support that I'm looking for without breaking the bank, because some providers charge $40 an hour, and you need 500 hours. Like, that really can add up. And so really kind of looking at what you have, the network that you have around you and trying to get support in that way to get your hours. Did you come across any other people working towards this certification that were having difficulty finding mentors? Yes. If you join any kind of -- becoming an IBLCL Facebook group, you'll see so many people constantly posting, like, how did you find a mentor? What am I supposed to do? And so I did find people, especially when I was in the hospital, most people were getting the majority of their hours there, and they were interested in venturing outside of that, and just seeing what private practice life was like. And they were even having challenges because not -- I think also we were just coming out of COVID when I moved here. And so still LCs were kind of skeptical about bringing someone on into the field and being with them in sessions. And parents were skeptical because of germs, et cetera. So I think the timing-wise may have made it a bit more challenging for others to find mentors, but I really think the biggest thing was really putting myself out there. Like, I sent email, then a follow-up email, and then, like, hey, I'm just checking in to see if anything has changed. And that's what really I feel like helped me kind of get my foot in there. And once my foot was in there, the LCs were connecting me with other LCs who may have needed or wanted to, like, just tag team and learn from one another too. Fantastic. Persistence is always a good idea. [laughs] Yes. It really challenges you to go outside your comfort zone. But offer for very good reasons. Definitely. Now what is a CLSC and what is the difference? Yes. There are lots of different names for a lactation counselor. So for me as lactation support counselor, certified lactation support counselor, the training that I did, but you could also become a certified breast feeding specialist, or just a certified lactation counselor. So lots of different names for the -- basically the same thing. Where it is just -- the main difference is just lower credentialing than the IBCLC. So the IBCLC is a board certification where we have to sit and complete, like, a four-hour test after doing our health science trainings and the continuing education lactation-focused and supervision. And IBCLC also requires you to re-certify every five years and show proof of continuing education courses, kind of similar to SLP except IBCLCs are not licensed. They just have this board certification which allows them to work internationally wherever they are. Whereas CLC, you're really doing a basic training. For me, it was a 45-hour training over the course of a week. And then, at the end of the week, we did a hands-on clinical, like, assessment to receive that certification. It doesn't really require you to do anything beyond that. It kind of just brushes the surface of topics versus diving deep into lactation-specific topics. So what I found is that when I was a CLC, I could understand simple things and more like, textbook learning versus becoming an IBCLC, I was really able to apply and take the knowledge that I learned in these courses, but make them more individualized and in my treatment in supporting families. Interesting. So you mentioned that as an IBCLC, you're really able to focus more on the mother and the kind of mother-infant dyad. What else would you say is a difference between an IBCLC and an SLP who has a focus on feeding? Yes. So when we think about SLPs focused on feeding, it could really be across the lifespan, and it can be anything from feeding-, swallowing-, airway-type challenges to as an IBCLC, the main I feel difference is that really the deeper understanding and skill set in lactation. So understanding milk supply, pumping, latch and positioning, where SLPs can help with simple latch and positioning techniques. And depending on how much training they have could support beyond that. But really having a core understanding and, like, understanding lactation from the perspective of the mother and her supply and also understanding how baby's feeding is impacting her supply or impacting positioning in how they're feeding together. Interesting. And how does having both certifications really benefit your clients? I think it allows me to have a more holistic view of supporting mom and baby together. Previously when clients would come to me, they're coming with a problem. Like, they're saying my baby has a tongue-tie, or my baby is not taking the bottle very well, et cetera, and my job was to, like, fix the challenge with the baby versus when families come to me from the perspective of, like, working with an IBCLC, it's really like how can I get feeding off to a good start and they might come to me prenatally where we do prenatal breast feeding, sleep education, and then I continue to support them post-partum. And it may start as just lactation positioning changes, helping them understand what's normal, what may be things to look out for. And then if challenges arise, then I'm supporting them through tongue-tie, or bottle refusal, or whatever that might be, where you really can do -- I feel that IBCLC's also allowed me to become more accessible to families too. Not unfortunately. Not many people know what an SLP is and that we can help infants, and honestly I didn't even know the depth of what we could do before going into it. And so I think that just having even the credentialing of an IBCLC just puts you on the radar to more families and being aware and when they find out that you're also an SLP, it's like, oh my gosh! What a great bonus to have both, like, knowledge and skill set. Because support is also very expensive and to have someone who is able to do all the support with lactation and, like, specific oral-motor feeding challenges in one can be cost-effective for families as well. Sure. That makes a lot of sense. So you would see mothers prenatally. That's so interesting and that never even would have occurred to me. So you're doing just pre-teaching, sort of? Yes, so prenatal support. And I do a combo of sleep and feeding because they're so intertwined, and I'm passionate about both areas. So my prenatal sessions, it's basically like anticipatory guidance of what they can expect when especially in the first, like, first days and weeks post-partum. And also giving them some tools and suggestions for you know, if you're feeling engorgement by Day 3 or Day 5, here are things you can do to support your body and your comfort. And then also help women understand what changes they may or may not be experiencing when it comes to baby's sleep as well. And then letting them know here are things to look out for for when you can contact me. And some families will already just, like, say -- I'll tell them text me when baby's born if you want to schedule an appointment that week and they will reach out to me and we schedule appointments there. I find it to be really supportive in helping set you up for a successful first weeks in feeding. Because a lot can change from the day that baby's born to the first week. And to have that support at your fingertips I think is invaluable. That's fantastic. So how do you go about marketing your own business and finding these clients? A few different avenues [laughs]. That's another thing of having to really put yourself out there. I during COVID started an Instagram page where I was sharing parenting tips, and they were primarily, like, language tips of like how to help your baby talk from the comfort of your home because it's COVID sort of thing. And then as I started to transition into feeding, I just shifted my content to be more feeding-specific, and kind of putting myself out there on Instagram, and opening up spots and availability, and finding families there. And then the other avenue was connecting with providers in the area. So the providers who I refer to, like pediatric dentists, or chiropractors, craniosacral therapists, other lactation consultants. I was just putting myself out there and introducing myself to them, letting them know I'm here and I'd love to learn from them. If they ever need any support, they can contact me. Because I find that my two biggest ways of marketing myself has been word of mouth and then social media. That sounds like a lot. A lot of work and a big challenge to build your case load. But do you feel like now that you've been doing this for a little while, do you feel like you have a good solid amount of clients and you're able to maintain your business the way you want to? Yes. So I think that's a great question. And one thing for me was, before I went fully into working in private practice, or for myself in private practice, I was working part-time at another practice. And so as I was working part-time at that practice, I was fully building up my case load. So I was at the practice two days of the week, and then the other three days were me seeing my own therapy clients. And I actually had started out at five days and then gradually shifted as I was working towards IBCLC to reducing my hours at that practice, and then dedicating it to hours towards IBCLC, and then seeing my own clients. So I think that was something that was really supportive and me not kind of -- I was very afraid, especially living in New York, taking the, like, deep plunge of going all in and not being certain of, like, whether I would have a full case load or not. And honestly when I left the practice and fully committed to my business in September, I wish that I had done it sooner. And it went a lot better than I had expected. So I think for me to build up to really full-time in that time of having my own clients took me a little over a month to two months. And I took the more gradual approach. I think if I had been, like, more aggressive in putting myself out there and stuff I could have built up sooner. But that was something that was really supportive and just easing into it versus not so much just going all in all at once, just for my own ease of, like, having security financially. Because there's a lot that goes into it. Yes, absolutely. Financial security is important. Yes. But yes, I think that now I feel confident in, like, being a -- having a full practice and seeing my own clients. And I see on average, depends on the week, but somewhere between 10 to 15 clients. For me that's a perfect amount of, like, work-life balance of seeing maybe three to five clients a day, and then doing notes after, end of the day between sessions. And are you seeing all of your clients in person? Do you see any online? So the majority of my sessions are in-home visits. And my prenatals are often virtual unless someone is really close and wants to do an in-person, then I'll do an in-person and then follow-up visits, if I don't need to see the baby. Or if mom just wants to do a check-in, then I will do those virtually as well. But I do like to, if I can, have my at least initial sessions to be in person. How long is a typical session or does it vary based on the need and where they are in the process? It definitely varies. I would say for evals, they're generally an hour and a half to two hours in duration. And then for follow-up visits, when they're in person, they're minimum usually 45 minutes to an hour. And I guess one of the perks of working for yourself is that you just have flexibility in the time that you spend, and I tend to be very generous with my time, so [laughs]. Sometimes I'll end up in a session for, like, an hour and a half. I think that also just lends to flexibility with, like, how I time my sessions and leaving room for unpredictability, because babies are unpredictable. Sometimes they'll come and they'll be sleeping, and then they wake up 30 minutes into it, and then you're like, alright, now I can get things rolling. So I think that is, like, a perk in being private practice and working for yourself. Absolutely. So is it therefore all private pay? Is there any insurance? So I am an out-of-network provider. So I tell parents up front, fees are due at the time of service. And then if they ask for a superbill, I'll provide them with a superbill. One thing that I did change in the new year was that I joined something called The Lactation Network. So essentially if a mother is lactating, she can apply for The Lactation Network to see if she gets out-of-network coverage. And if she does get approved for that out-of-network coverage, she has most of the time, unlimited number of sessions and services that she can reach. So some families get qualified for both in-person and virtual. Others depending on the insurance just qualify for in-person. But that is one way of me being more accessible to lactation-specific families where I just have to upload my note to TLN, and then they pay me, and the family never has to worry about anything really to pay. And I think that it's a pretty good deal. So TLN is for all over the US. It's not based on where you're located, which I think can have its pros and cons in terms of, like, my eval rate is a little bit more expensive than what I get reimbursed through TLN. But then ongoing support services, they pay more than what I charge for an hourly rate. So there are things that you weigh. Some people, providers, really like TLN. Others find it to be annoying, and they don't love it as much. So I think it really just depends on where you are in your business. And it is a great way, too, of helping boost your business, because you can just put like a little note on your account saying, like, you're looking for more clients, so then they'll send you more inquiries that you can either accept or deny and say I'm not available for. Interesting. And so you said that lactation consulting is not licensed. Yes. So it's not -- like you don't have a specific license, but you have, like, a board certified, like, number for the lactation credentialing. And it's something that a lot of LCs right now are trying to get in terms of having it be licensed. I feel like there are areas where it's not as respected because it isn't licensed or there's just like lots of flexibility in how things are done. But right now, it is not licensed. So does that mean right now anyway that you could conceivably go anywhere and practice? Yes. You can -- because it's an international certification, you could practice literally anywhere. So anywhere in the US or outside of the US and provide services there. Well, that is very nice to have that kind of flexibility. I can't even imagine. That sounds wonderful. I feel like it is a really nice change -- I feel like there are pros and cons to licensing, because as SPs, it's so annoying to apply in each state, and then some things take longer. The application process is longer and you know, applying to be an SLP in New York was probably one of the most challenging applications I have ever done, and the longest wait time. And so to have to, like, not even have to do something like that for IBCLC was -- I found to be amazing. But I understand why there is a desire for having licensing. And so when you're licensed you have to do continuing education. But what do you need to do or want to do to maintain your skills and to learn more? Yes. So as an IBCLC, you do have to do 75 hours of continuing education every five years to maintain that certification I believe. And after 10 years, you have to resit for the board. I can't remember. I think it's you have to resit for the board or do more hours or something [inaudible]. And so you do have to continue that training if you are a board-certified LC. But for me, I'm obsessed and like, a CEU junkie. So I literally take way more CEUs than one needs, but I feel like our field, especially SLP, IBCLC,, like, all the areas in supporting infants is ever-evolving. And there's just so much more to learn. And I feel like I've taken so many CEUs in the last, what, three or four years, and there's still -- my CEU wishlist is, like, a mile long. And I think the hard thing, even as an SLP or IBCLC is that CEUs are really expensive. And that's where I find, like, I have to really balance out, like, okay, that's a time where I should be taking a CEU or not. Or because it adds up in most of the courses that are advanced training are $600-plus or way more, which can be really sad on the wallet. But I always leave thinking, like, I'm so happy I did this. Are you able to use the same courses, the same CEUs, for both SLP and IBCLC? I do try to look for courses that you get dual, like, LSRPs or ASHA CEUs for. I don't know if you're familial with the Lactation OT, but they have so many infant-specific feeding courses that they do give you both dual ASHA and CEU for LSRPs for which is really great. And then -- and if you are interested in learning more, they have a really great freebie on the pathways and how to choose which pathway is right for you. And they do monthly free Zoom calls where you can ask questions about the pathway or pathway options, and what you may or may not be interested in. So just a side tangent, I think it's really great, really accessible resource to providers. And you can be any provider; an SLP, an OT, or a PT interested in pursuing -- or not even having that health background. But I do think that I try to do that. It's not always an option. There are some courses that I've taken where they say they can get ASHA CEUs, and they're not officially an LSRP provider. But if you take your, like, syllabus and the course objectives, then it may be qualified for you know, towards LSRPs too. That sounds great. And thank you for that, the name of [inaudible] can you say that again? The Lactation OT. Great. Thank you. I think that sounds wonderful, and I'm sure they'll be lots of students out there that want to look that up. It's really great. I will say their courses are still expensive. Like, they -- the cheapest one probably is maybe around like 200; I don't know. But they offer, like, bundle options so you could save more by bundling to get a course or want you want. But I find it to be really helpful and they're also other -- they have like a mentorship group that you can join where they have a whole, like, online circle of community where you can post questions, and they do monthly calls. And I'm actually a part of that, and I find it to be such a helpful resource, just to learn from others. And I think that's one of the hard things about private practice is that it can be a little lonely and a one-woman show, and so sometimes it's nice to bounce ideas off of other therapists or just hear a different perspective or see what they're thinking in some areas I'm not as well-versed in as other areas. And so it just helps me just continue that learning outside of, like, specific CEUs. That's really so beneficial. I can definitely understand that. As a sole practitioner, you are on your own, and it's nice to have those other resources for sure. Definitely. I think that was -- I know we're not really talking about that right now, but I do think having other ways of connecting and collaborating with other providers is really helpful, especially if you're kind of taking the deep dive and, like, just going all in and learning in other areas and wanting to just niche down. I think pursuing mentorship was one of the most valuable things that I did for me in my practice as well. Wonderful. Can you talk a little bit about having -- well, both the IBCLC and being an SLP, how that helps you build relationships with your clients? Yes. I mean I think that I mentioned earlier that when parents come, a lot of times they're either coming to me just as an SLP or coming to me with the intention of just having an IBCLC and then when they find out that I am both, especially if it's a more complex feeding case, they're very pleasantly surprised and happy for us to be working together. And I think that it just allows me to really support mom in the way that she needs to be supported, and help her meet her feeding goals for her baby. So as SLP, I used to just think of baby, and like, how are we helping baby meet the goals that we set for them, but as IBCLC, I'm thinking about, like, what are your goals too? How are you doing? How are we supporting your mental health? How are we supporting your supply and also supporting baby in this journey that you guys are on together? So are you writing lactation goals in the same way you might have written speech goals? So you don't necessarily write lactation goals when -- the same way that I would write, like, a feeding goal. But what we're working on -- you don't actually -- you don't really write goals at all for lactation when you're writing kind of like a SOAP note. You do a lactation -- you have like a lactation visit record, where I have the history of, like, the last 24 hours of how many times would they be at the breast? How are they feeding? How long was they feeding? Is anything happening? What are changes that have happened with you? What are changes that have happened with baby? And then like, how can I help you right now, sort of situation, where lactation would kind of want to put a little bit more on the parent and, like, how can I help you today versus when SLP is coming, we're like this is the problem, and this is what we're going to be doing to continue improving baby's feeding skills. So it allows you to take a step back there and kind of reviewing what has happened, and you still do that as an SLP. But a lot of times, like, a family might come the next week and be like, I don't want to do this anymore. And you're like, alright. We're pivoting. Whereas with SLP, my baby is coming to me because they can't have solids, or they're having a difficult time coordinating suck-swallow-breathe and we're just primarily focusing on that. Whereas with IBCLC, that visit now looks a little bit different because goals for parents may be changing from week to week and you're kind of supporting them where they're at, and also following up on previous visit. You must at times be dealing with some very stressed parents. And how would you handle that? I think most times we're dealing with very stressed parents [laughs]. Or at least, like, very overwhelmed parents because even if it's their second baby, or their third baby, or their first baby, every baby is so different, and I think that's what can be hard. Where mom might come to me and be like well, it worked perfectly the way I was doing this with my first baby, but now this is not going the way I expected. And so I think that that -- I was just trying to take a step back and I start with, like, when we kind of reviewed what's happening, I'll say well, how can I help you today? Like, what do you feel you need the most out of this session? Versus previously I'd be like alright, this is what we were working on. Let's follow up and see how things are going. Especially if I feel like a mom is feeling really overwhelmed or really emotionally kind of. The difference I feel like with SLP and IBCLC too are they can have overlap, but is that you really are -- you're like a therapist in a way to mom, too. Because a lot of times this is the first time that she's ever been able to express how overwhelmed she is, and her worries and fears or her desires. And you're that first person to hear that. Especially if it's like days after coming home and hormones are high, and ever-changing, and so you're kind of dual feeding therapist and, like, therapist-therapist, supporting their emotions through this process. Do you ever feel like you need to refer out to a different kind of therapist? Yes, I will refer out if I feel that we'll talk about and see, like, would it be helpful to talk to someone else who specializes in this area. And a lot of times parents are receptive to it. I will not make the recommendation if they're, like, very closed off and not seeming ready to hear that. But I try to create an open dialogue, so that I'm kind of like reflecting back and kind of verbalizing what they're saying and then seeing if we can, like, come to that together versus me being like you should go see someone to talk to them about x, y, or z. Can you tell us what a typical evaluation might entail? What would that look like? Yes. So for most of my evaluations, or for all my evaluations, I have families fill out an intake form prior to the start of the session to give me a chance to review what is happening. And I have a whole section on mom's history, baby's history. What feeding looks like now, what challenges they're having, and like, what their primary goal for working with me is. So it really gives me a full history of, like, are there any underlying conditions that could be impacting mom's supply or impacting baby, and what does feeding look like now? What are their goals? What have they done or tried to do so far? So that gives me that, and then the start of our session, I usually spend the first 15 to 20 minutes reviewing the intake, talking, getting a little bit more information on what I feel like I need to know a little bit more about. Just diving deeper into what was filled out on the intake form. And then we do a -- most of my babies are all infants who are coming for feeding support. So we do a weighted feed, where I bring my scale with me, and I weigh the baby before the feeding with just a diaper. And then we weigh them after the feeding to see how much they have transferred to give us a better understanding of are they transferring well? Are there any challenges with transferring at the breast? And then we troubleshoot in the feeding with positioning changes, or if baby's having a hard time, doing a reset. And after I do that feeding evaluation or observation, it might be the breast, it might be breast and bottle, or it might just be bottle. And if it's bottle, we don't do a weighted feeding, because you know exactly what they are transferring. And afterwards I'll do an oral-motor evaluation typically, unless a parent says, like, I don't want to do that. I've definitely had families come to me and will have -- express concerns and then they're like, I don't want to do this today. Can we not do that? And I will always respect what their wishes are, and we won't do that. But typically it involves like, review of history, feeding observation, oral-motor evaluation, and then we may troubleshoot or trial some oral-motor exercises and/or just different types of feeding positioning recommendations. And we make a care plan of, like, what we're going to try over the next week, and then we either schedule a follow-up visit, or they'll let me know when they want to schedule a follow-up visit with me. And how often do you typically see your clients? It really depends from family to family. I find families who come to me, like, right after baby is born, they like to have more frequent sessions initially. And then they'll space it out and say, like, I'll reach out to you, or maybe we can do in two or three weeks to have a follow-up visit. So it might start off as weekly visits. If it's just specific, like, lactation support, and if it is a baby who's coming to me for pre- or post-tongue-tie release, then it just depends on their readiness, their timing, what they need. But typically a lot of times we're doing weekly, or bi-weekly sessions. And in post-frenectomy, like, once they've been a while post-frenectomy, then we might do, like, a one-month follow-up just to check in and see how things are going. Or we might schedule a follow-up for when it's time to start solids, if they just want to make things are on the right track with that. Do you ever have both parents participate in the sessions? A lot of times, the lactation visits, they start with both parents, and then by Week 3 or Week 4, it's just mom. But most of the time, both parents are there unless, like, someone has gone back to work already or not. So as far as your own private practice, and your own career, what are your personal professional goals? Yes, so I -- my dream would be to open up a brick-and-mortar when I move back to Virginia, and offer a combination of services. One-to-one services, support groups for the community. I just really want to make a little hub kind of, where families to know that they have community to come to if they have any, you know, feeding challenges or sleep challenges and really be a nice center for people to connect and come together, because I find that the postpartum period can be very lonely and it can be hard. And so creating community in that sense while also being able to offer one-to-one sessions would be really great. And then continuing to just take a whole bunch of CEUs to keep growing and be a better provider for the families I support in the community. And last I would say, I would love to be a mentor one day. I think personally I found it so hard to find really good mentors, or mentors who truly wanted me to be, you know, achieve the dreams that I had and encouraging me and supporting me. Helping me become a better therapist. And so I would love to be able to be that for somebody, just knowing how hard it was for me to like, really get my foot in the door one day. I am certain you are going to have plenty of potential mentees in your future who would love to work with you. Yes. That would be a dream. And I just also need to grow a little bit more. So I think that's another thing too, and just like having enough clientele to be able to have my mentees come or a mentee come and shadow and be a part of the experience. Or maybe to hire someone one day. But it seems like a longer-term goal. But we'll get there. Well, that sounds fantastic, and I wish you so much just, wellness and growth in your professional skills and your business, and also just happiness in your new marriage. Thank you. That's just fantastic. Thank you. Thank you for joining me today and I know that all the graduate students out there are very happy to hear from you, and you're probably going to have more students sending you emails and trying to connect, and I hope that that's okay. That is perfectly okay. And they can either contact me via email or on social media if they like to learn from social media as well, or just connect there, that is totally fine, too. My Instagram handle is 2, like the number 2, dot can grow, where I share just content, just [inaudible] babies and great community there as well. Fantastic. Well, thank you so much, Nadda, and I really appreciate you joining me today. Of course. Thank you so much for having me. [ Music ]